Boards update: roles (#5929)
mattermost/docs: source/boards/boards-settings.rst

Settings
========

Set language
------------

> To set your language on boards, select the gear icon next to your profile avatar, then go to **Set language** to apply your language settings. Please note: language settings in Boards are independent from language settings in Channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set your preferred language for Mattermost Boards, select the gear icon next to your profile avatar, then go to **Set language** to apply your language preference. Please note: language settings in Boards are independent from language settings in Channels.
```

Reviewer: This is a good place to include the Gear icon. See the [Customize your Mattermost experience](https://docs.mattermost.com/welcome/get-started-mattermost-channels.html#customize-your-mattermost-experience) docs & source page for a working example.

Also consider formatting the "please note" text as a note directive.

Emoji icons
-----------

> To enable or disable random emoji icons for your board and cards, select the gear icon next to your profile avatar, then toggle **Random icons on or off**.

Reviewer: boards? (plural) or board (singular)?

Once you've added the image asset to the source page, you can add the inline reference to the Gear icon here too.

Product tour
------------

> If you skipped the product tour or want a refresher on Boards, you can restart the product tour by going to the gear icon next to your profile avatar and selecting **Product tour**. This will add a new **Welcome to Boards** template to your sidebar and kick-off the guided onboarding tour.

Reviewer: another good place to incorporate the product icon via an inline image reference

Settings
========

Set language
------------

> To set your language on boards, select the gear icon next to your profile avatar, then go to **Set language** to apply your language settings. 

Author: ```suggestion
To set your language on boards, select the gear icon |gear-icon| next to your profile avatar, then go to **Set language** to apply your language settings. 
```
